hi everybody beam Meister 22 here hey
today we're going to look at my dr walk
behind mower I haven't made a video
about this in quite a while and I've
gotten several PM saying hey do you
still have your dr walk behind more and
your dr toby
I walk by
and a half years and then last
I was gonna fire it up to see if it's
Corinne and it wouldn't start all the
battery's dead
so it jump-started it and it started but
the blade would engage
the battery's dead
so essentially this thing said with
three and a half here
starting though he doing any
and once it got
we get fired right up and now I'm going
do some more mowing I used to do a lot
of going with my dr mowers
i mean three four five times a week but
back then I didn't take a lot of video
take some video but I have a lot of
still photos but now that I'm doing
video man we could do some really cool
video we can mount cameras to the mower
and mowing big chopping tall grass and
weeds and everything well some of you
might find that exciting but it's a lot
funner when you're doing it when you're
behind that mower just chomping down
grass because I've had this mower in
some pretty tall grass five six seven
eight foot high grass and it just jumps
it on down it's amazing and it's an
amazing mower and I've had this for over
six years and it's treated me very well
and now that I know
I'm in a fire right up
so what do you think you can hurt up the
our motors do you have a deal or were
you thinking about getting a dr mower
like i said i've had this for quite a
while and i've owned several of their
products and they're very high-quality
yeah they cost a couple of bucks they're
not the cheapest ones on the market but
hey this is six years old
it's sat for more than three years and
fired right up hey that speaks towards
the quality what do you think leave your
comments in the comments section and as
always thanks for watching
being meister 22 the most dangerous man
on youtube